Switch the default geometry engine to Shapely (#2999)
geopandas/geopandas: doc/source/docs/reference/sindex.rst

.. currentmodule:: geopandas

GeoPandas offers built-in support for spatial indexing using an R-Tree algorithm.

> Depending on the ability to import PyGEOS, GeoPandas will either use ``shapely.STRtree``,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GeoPandas will use the STRtree implementation provided by the default spatial engine (``shapely.STRtree`` for Shapely > 2.0, ``pygeos.STRtree`` for Shapely < 2.0 if PyGEOS is installed) if compatible, or ``rtree.index.Index`` for Shapely < 2.0 when PyGEOS is unavailable.
```
